we create hundreds if not thousands of
articles of blog content for what reason
it's because we want search traffic but
there must be a better way to get
traffic than just cranking out thousands
and thousands of articles hey everyone
i'm neil patel and today i'm gonna break
down the new form of content marketing
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
when you look at my screen here what do
you see you see my blog and i just have
tons and tons of blog posts some of them
have tons of comments some of them not
as much but if i just keep scrolling
down and i'm going fast so i know it's
hard to read you see more blog posts and
if i keep scrolling
more just keep loading and it really is
never ending
if i go into my wordpress you'll see if
when i just go to my post section you'll
see 6009
posts of that
6911 are published when i go to the
publish tab
but here's what's interesting
the blog content is great because it is
generating me a lot of traffic as you
can see here
and google search console is showing
that i got roughly 14 million visits
and i'm ranking for a lot of different
terms for example i'm ranking for terms
like affiliate marketing where i'm
getting you know 116 thousand visits
over three months
but when i look at any term and let's
look at the term affiliate marketing
there's an issue
it's only search you know sixty thousand
times a month and i know you're
wondering here hey neil you said you got
a hundred and
000 clicks keep in mind that's over
three months that i got 116 000 clicks
and just because you rank for a term
like quote-unquote affiliate marketing
even if you're ranked number one like me
it doesn't mean you get all the clicks
you can get a lot of them but a lot of
the people who search don't click on
anything
but even then
look right here where it says about
836 million results
in other words there's
836 million results for the term
affiliate marketing when only 60
thousand people are searching for that
term at least in the united states every
single month
we don't need any more content on
affiliate marketing now granted the term
affiliate marketing and the industry it
changes over time so if you want to keep
ranking number one or high up like i do
i have to continually update this
article here literally i continually
update the article on a regular basis so
i can maintain my rankings
and that over time has led me to get 14
million clicks at least over the last
three months when it comes to seo
but i want to show you something
interesting when i scroll down what is
the most popular term
it's actually ubersuggest
ubersuggest generates 1.421
million clicks
that's almost one and a half million
clicks over three months that's a lot of
traffic
on the flip side my own name neil patel
is generating around 118 000 clicks over
three months
in other words the term uber suggests is
roughly 12 times more popular than my
own brand neil patel
and when you google ubersuggest i'm
going to google it here for you
you'll see
that i'm ranking number one but it's
also the name of my brand so that's not
that big of a deal
and if you're not familiar with uber
says it's just an app and you can type
in any keyword or domain name and it
gives you seo advice or feedback
what's beautiful about this is
in the long run it's cheaper to build a
tool like i did with uber suggests and
get that viral traffic than it is to
continually write content and update the
content now i'm not saying you shouldn't
do content marketing i'm just saying
creating tools is more effective than
creating content ideally you should be
doing both
and if you create any tool it's not
necessarily going to be effective the
real key is to give away a free tool now
uber suggests says have paid versions
but you can do a lot for free like if
i'm doing keyword research and i'm
looking up a keyword like marketing
i can go
and look at all the ideas for terms like
marketing and all the people who search
for it
for free and i can do a lot i can even
see like the related tab get more
keyword ideas there
um and
you know the same is with the term
marketing right
and by giving away a lot for free like
i'm doing
and uber suggests
what you'll find is
you'll naturally and virally get the
traffic which is much more effective as
long as the tools related to your
industry and it's related to your
business and you can take some of that
traffic and convert it into revenue than
it would be to
just go and create thousands and
thousands of article of blog content
you don't have to build the tool from
scratch either there's this site called
code canyon
i think it's codecanyon.net
and i'm going to actually load up code
canyon so you can see it here and they
offer tools on anything so i'm in the
seo industry let's see if there's seo
tools look right here 29 i can buy my
own seo tool and white label it
there's more too uh pre-status shop seo
manager 39 bucks seo canonicals link
extension uh woocommerce seo categories
there's just a lot of options you know
wp seo propeller advanced seo analysis
tool you can buy a lot of tools for
really cheap here in any industry let's
say i'm in the automotive business or
car business let's see car and driver
car dealer pro
car rental system time racing some of
them will be relevant some of them will
not and you can type in
keywords related to any industry like
real estate real estate agency portable
quick homes real estate cms uh find a
house
real estate made simple
and you can take some of these tools at
least the ones that are relevant
and give it away for free so you're
buying it and then people can use the
tool on your own website and it's white
labeled and over time what you'll find
is the tools will naturally get more
links it'll naturally just
boost in popularity and you'll just get
more and more traffic over time remember
the term uber suggests right that's the
name of my tool look at this right here
seventeen thousand backlinks right uh
from unique domain so ninety seven
thousand backlinks in total from
seventeen thousand unique domains and
it's all word of mouth because
all i did was just give away a lot for
free and more than my competition and
that's just helped me get more traffic
over time so i hope this helps you with
your new seo strategy yes content
marketing is great but for me this is
the new version of content marketing and
i recommend that you try it out if you
have any questions you can leave a
comment below and i'll answer and try to
help you out if you enjoy this video
like it share it tell the people about
it thank you for watching